you cannot you can get out like it's all
and BJJ okay
the cake the first thing is we have to
take that space okay just like me
Brown
like
Wow okay yeah much worth minutes per day
there's all kinds we understand
so long taking up space but lot seats on
the ground the cart ceiling with Walter
knee on belly tears were bad bakers
okay
you classic classic me my belly just
like sounds Roman can't stop
chuckle I take up space take up space
nice going
notice the guy that takes up the space
always turns they keep the tulips
alright alright alright
it's part of it kind of going good nice
take up space if you can you can do it
right great great great
silly machine same thing let's go come
on two bands on the night commands the
life give it the outside
he's hand swish deal with us and switch
take the better position good good
you're all right
trying to get on the outside don't keep
going going through the best you can the
best you can go with the nice move
that's fine that's fine that's fine
keep it there good job nice glove glitch
you know we chase it
yeah through the spring that's all we
know yeah so hey it's not getting
stabbed nice job good job
nice do one one two one one two on one
shoulder and shoulder - on why it's okay